Me and my so-called quality of karate that is reputable kongguksu
Like the thick 2, the particles are very fine and soft.
How ganeunya some balls GABA is the talk of the Roman secret
I 'll make a comparison once.
First , I'll change the beans milling.
I'm getting tired.
The millstone is the way it is crushed between stone and stone .
So I made it like this.
Mixer road is a way to cut beans with a blade
The blade looks great on me.
U
Ah
Sounds good.
That's why I changed it.
I'll take a taste of it.
First of all, it is the stomach of the stomach .
The texture is soft.
Next, I 'll have 1 bean in the mix.
Looks so much smoother in shape.
It looks like it has a little bit of mud in the middle, but it feels so much better and soft
I will
But the difference in the texture of this millstone or mixer can vary depending on the type
They say
The speed and time to see MISSO are also important factors in determining texture
One is the central
Of course, Zeroin beans are also important in their condition and storage.
Taste and nutrition for a lot of trial and error and would require a live military drinks taste
I think
I do not think it's going to be easy to find a good condo house.
But we did not give up and found a good house again .
Oo